Bankrate Terms of Use
Effective Date March 6, 2025

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, WHICH PROVIDES THAT YOU AND WE AGREE TO RESOLVE CERTAIN DISPUTES THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION AND GIVE UP ANY RIGHT TO HAVE THOSE DISPUTES DECIDED BY A JUDGE OR A JURY. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF OUR AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. SEE THE “DISPUTE RESOLUTION” SECTION OF THIS AGREEMENT.

By accessing or using our Services, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use (this “Agreement”) and our Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”). The terms “we,” “us,” or “our” mean Bankrate, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, whose principal office is located at 1645 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, Suite 1200 West Palm Beach, Florida 33401-2214, and its affiliated companies. The term “Services,” means, collectively, various websites, applications, widgets, email notifications and other mediums, or portions of such mediums, through which you have accessed this Agreement. The term “Content” means, collectively all text, photographs, images, illustrations, designs, audio clips, video clips, “look and feel,” metadata, data, articles, graphics, images, scripts, software code or the like associated with any and all Services provided.

Your Compliance with this Agreement
You acknowledge that this Agreement is supported by reasonable and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged. Without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge that such consideration includes, without limitation, your ability to visit, use and/or submit information to our Services.
 
You represent that you have the capacity to be bound by this Agreement, or if you are acting on behalf of a company or other entity, you have the authority to bind such company or entity. To determine your compliance with this Agreement, we may monitor your access and use of our Services in accordance with our Online Privacy Policy.
Our Services are Not Intended for Minors
Our Services are intended to be accessed and used only by adults and are not directed to minors. As stated in our Privacy Policy, we do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 and you should not provide us with any information regarding any individual under the age of 13.
Your Access and Use of our Services
Your right to access and use our Services is personal to you and is not transferable by you to any other person or entity. You are only entitled to access and use our Services for lawful purposes and pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Privacy Policy.
 
Your access and use of our Services may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of equipment, periodic updating, maintenance or repair of our Services or other actions that we, in our sole discretion, may elect to take. We reserve the right to suspend or discontinue the availability of our Services and/or any portion or feature of our Services at any time in our sole discretion and without prior notice.
 
Any action by you that, in our sole discretion: (i) violates the terms and conditions of this Agreement and/or the Privacy Policy; (ii) restricts, inhibits or prevents any access, use or enjoyment of our Services; or (iii) through the use of our Services, defames, abuses, harasses, offends or threatens, shall not be permitted, and may result in your loss of the right to access and use our Services. You shall not modify, scrape, embed, or frame our Services without our prior written permission.
 
Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Privacy Policy, we may offer you various Services. Below are terms and conditions governing these Services.
 
You Must Maintain the Integrity of Your Information. To use certain Services, you may be required to provide us with information about you, which may be of a confidential nature and may include personal identifying information, medical and health history information, and/or financial information (“Your Information”). If you provide Your Information to us then you agree to provide true, current, complete and accurate information, and not to misrepresent your identity. You also agree to keep Your Information current and to update Your Information if any of Your Information changes. Our collection, use and disclosure of Your Information is governed by this Agreement and our Privacy Policy.
 
You Must Maintain the Security of Any Password Issued to You. If our Services require you to create a password to use certain portions of our Services, then it is your sole responsibility to maintain the security of that password. You agree that we shall not be liable for any loss that you may suffer as a result of the authorized or unauthorized use of your password by a third party. You shall not allow any person under the age of 18 to use any Service via your registration or password.
 
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password, any unauthorized use of any account that you may have with us, any violation of this Agreement, or any other breach of security known to you in connection with any product or service available on our Services by sending an email to: webmaster@bankrate.com.
 
You Are Responsible for Your Financial Decisions. We and our affiliates, through the Services, may provide a venue through which you can obtain information and you can find third-party service providers, such as financial institutions, credit card providers, mortgage brokers, insurance brokers, insurance agents, discount program representatives and other financial professionals (“Service Providers”). We do not endorse or recommend the products or services of any Service Provider, and are not an agent or advisor to you or any Service Provider. We do not validate or investigate the licensing, certification or other requirements and qualifications of Service Providers. It is your responsibility to investigate Service Providers. You acknowledge and agree that Service Providers are solely responsible for any services that they may provide to you and that we are not liable for any losses, costs, damages or claims in connection with, arising from, or related to, your use of a Service Provider’s products or services. We urge you to obtain the advice of financial advisors, insurance agents, brokers or other qualified professionals who are fully aware of your individual circumstances before you make any financial decisions. You acknowledge and agree that you rely on your own judgment and that of such advisors in selecting any products or services offered by Service Providers.
 
You Acknowledge and Agree that We are Not a Service Provider. We are not a lending institution, insurance provider or other Service Provider. Instead, we, through our Services, may help to connect you with Service Providers that might meet your needs based on information provided by you. We do not, and will not, make any coverage or credit decision with any Service Provider referred to you. We do not issue mortgages, credit cards, insurance coverage or any other financial products.
 
No Guarantee of Quotes, Fees, Terms, Rates, Coverage or Services. We do not make any warranties or representations regarding the quotes, fees, terms, rates, coverage or services offered or made available by Service Providers. We do not guarantee that quotes, fees, terms, rates, coverage or services offered by Service Providers are the best available.
 
You hereby release us of any and all losses, costs, damages or claims in connection with, arising from or related to your use of a Service Provider’s products or services, including any fees charged by a Service Provider.
 
Requests for Quotes and Offers
 
We may share your information with third parties when you use our Site to request a rate, quote, service, approval, or information from those third parties (a “Request”). IF YOU SUBMIT A REQUEST, SERVICE PROVIDERS MAY CONTACT YOU DIRECTLY WITH QUOTES VIA MAIL, TELEPHONE, TEXT MESSAGE, FAX, EMAIL, AND OTHER MEANS OF COMMUNICATION, YOU MAY RECEIVE TELEMARKETING CALLS AS A CONSEQUENCE OF SUBMITTING A REQUEST THROUGH OUR SERVICES, EVEN IF YOU ARE ON THE NATIONAL DO NOT CALL REGISTRY OR ANY OTHER DO NOT CALL REGISTRY.
 
By submitting a Request, you expressly consent to the third party conducting any research necessary to provide you with information about your Request. Third parties may need to share your information to conduct such research. As an example, if you request credit card offers, consumer reports may be ordered in connection with your request. Such reports may provide information that may assist in determining eligibility for credit card offers. Consumer reports may also be used for updates, renewal, or extensions of credit card offers.If you do not want third parties to conduct necessary research to provide you with a quote for your Request, then you should not submit a Request.
 
Prohibited Use of the Services

You may not access or use the Services in violation of applicable laws, including export controls and sanctions, or in violation of our or any third party’s intellectual property or other proprietary or legal rights. As between you and us, we are the sole and exclusive owner of the Services and Content. Any use or access, as further detailed below, is strictly prohibited without written consent by us.  

You may not access or use, or attempt to access or use the Services to take any action that could harm us or a third party. You further agree that you will not attempt (or encourage or support others) to circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt, or otherwise alter or interfere with the Services or any Content or make any unauthorized use of the Services. 

Additionally, you agree that you will not:

use any robot, spider, scraper, deep link, or other similar automated data gathering or extraction tools, program, algorithm, or methodology to “scrape”, access, acquire, copy, or monitor our Services or any portion of our Services or for any other purpose, without our prior written permission;
take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; 
copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, compile, disassemble, distribute, or publicly display any Content (except for your personal information) from our Services without our prior written permission and the appropriate third party, as applicable;  
interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our Services or any activities conducted on our Services;
bypass any robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to our Services; nor 
use the Services for the development of any software algorithm, program, machine learning model, neural network, artificial intelligence or generative artificial intelligence (AI) tool, including, but not limited to, training or using the Services in connection with the development or operation of a machine learning or AI system.  This includes any use of the Content for training, adjustments, or grounding any machine learning or AI system, including as part of retrieval-augmented generation.
For the avoidance of doubt, you are specifically prohibited hereunder from performing any “text and data mining” (TDM) activities as those activities are described under Art. 4 of the EU Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we allow public search engine operators to use web crawlers to copy materials from our Services. This permission is granted solely for creating publicly available search indices of our Services' content and does not extend to creating caches or archives of these materials. We may revoke this permission at any time, either broadly or for specific cases.

Unless expressly allowed in this Agreement, you must not:

Collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from our Services or Content;
Use any communication systems provided by our Services (such as forums or email) for commercial or solicitation purposes; nor
Solicit users of our Services for commercial purposes without our prior written consent.
CardMatch Terms (Terms of Use)
By enrolling in the CardMatch service, you are providing your written instructions to any credit reporting agency to release your credit report information to Bankrate and our card issuer partners. Your instructions apply each time you log in to view your CardMatch offers, otherwise request CardMatch updates, or once per calendar month if your latest CardMatch offers are at least 30 days old.
 
To revoke your instructions you must delete your Bankrate account by sending a formal request here.
 
You further agree that:
 
Bankrate.com may communicate the personal identifying information you have provided to one or more participating credit card issuers and to a consumer reporting agency.
Bankrate.com may use your consumer credit report information, including your credit score, for internal business purposes, such as improving the website experience and to market other products and services to you. Bankrate.com may share this information with participating credit card issuers so they can determine if you may be eligible for certain offers.
Credit card issuers that receive your personal identifying information from Bankrate.com may use it to pull a new credit profile to determine which card offers might be available to you, including checking for any prequalified offers.
You understand that certain credit card issuers that receive your personal identifying information from Bankrate.com may use it to first determine if there are any previously matched credit card offers available to you without pulling a new credit profile, and if no offers are available, you authorize those credit card issuers to pull a new credit profile to determine which credit card offers might be available to you, including prequalified offers.
The consumer reporting agency that receives your personal identifying information from Bankrate.com may use your consumer report information, including your credit score, to determine which credit card offers might be available to you based on credit criteria made available to the consumer reporting agency by participating credit card issuers.
Bankrate.com is not a credit card issuer and does not issue credit cards, loans, or make credit decisions.
Even if you choose to apply for one of your CardMatch offers, there is no guarantee that you will be approved by the issuer.
When your personal identifying information is provided by Bankrate.com to a consumer reporting agency or a credit card issuer, you understand that your consumer report records will indicate that Bankrate, LLC and/or the credit card issuer has made a credit inquiry about you.
Many, but not all credit card issuers participate in the CardMatch service, which may not include every product offered. You understand that Bankrate.com will determine, in its sole discretion, when, how often, and with which credit card issuer partners it checks for CardMatch offers based on criteria from each credit card issuer, availability of information needed to identify CardMatch offers, and other relevant factors.
Bankrate.com will not be able to tell you why you did or did not appear to match to any particular credit card or other offer.
This is not an application for credit and that, if you wish to apply for a product, you will need to click through to complete and submit an application directly with that issuer.
If you decide to proceed with a provider’s application process on their website, that provider may conduct a hard pull, which may affect your credit score.
Public Forums
Our Services may act as a venue, through blogs, messaging, chat rooms, bulletin boards and other forums (collectively, the “Forums”), allowing the users to contribute information and make statements (“User Generated Content”). Neither we nor our advertisers are involved in the actual transmission of User Generated Content provided for in the Forums. As a result, neither we nor our advertisers approve or endorse any User Generated Content in the Forums, and you hereby acknowledge and agree that neither we nor our advertisers have control over the User Generated Content submission’s quality, correctness, timeliness, safety, truth, accuracy or legality by you or any other person or entity in the Forums. You may find User Generated Content posted in the Forums by other users to be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or deceptive. Please use caution and common sense, and do not rely solely on User Generated Content published in the Forums. It is neither our nor our advertisers’ responsibility to ensure all posts and questions submitted on the Forums are answered. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and although we do not regularly review User Generated Content provided for in the Forums, we reserve the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit any User Generated Content in the Forums, for any reason or no reason, in our sole discretion.
 
Immediately report problems with the Forums to us at webmaster@bankrate.com
Transmissions, Submissions and Postings to our Services
If you transmit, submit or post information to our Services that is not Federally trademarked and/or copyrighted, you automatically grant us and our assigns the worldwide, fully-paid, royalty-free, exclusive right and license to use, copy, format, adapt, publish and/or incorporate any or all such information in any media whatsoever, including, without limitation, the Content (as defined below). If you have obtained prior written permission from us to transmit, submit or post information to our Services that is Federally trademarked and/or copyrighted, you automatically grant us and our assigns the worldwide, fully-paid, royalty-free right to use, copy, format, adapt, publish and/or incorporate any or all such information in any media whatsoever, including, without limitation, the Content.
 
You shall not transmit, submit or post the following to our Services:
 
Information that infringes our or any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights;
Information that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation;
Information that is trade libelous, unlawfully threatening, unlawfully harassing, defamatory, obscene, explicit or vulgar, or otherwise injurious to us or third parties or that infringes on our or any third party’s rights of publicity or privacy;
Information that contains any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, trap doors, back doors, easter eggs, time bombs, cancelbots or other code or computer programming routines that contain contaminating or destructive properties or that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information;
Information containing or constituting chain letters, mass mailings, political campaigning, or any form of “spam”;
Information that is false, inaccurate or misleading;
Commercial advertisements or solicitations without our written permission; or
Federally trademarked and/or copyrighted information without our prior written permission.
Although we do not regularly review your transmissions, submissions or postings, we reserve the right (but not the obligation) to edit, refuse to post or remove your transmissions, submissions or postings. Under our Privacy Policy, we may review transmissions, submissions or postings made by you to determine, in our sole discretion, your compliance with this Agreement.
 
You are solely responsible for all your transmissions, submissions or postings (i.e., your own User Generated Content) and the consequences of transmitting, submitting or posting them.
Copyright
We respect intellectual property rights, and this Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We will investigate notices of copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) (“DMCA”). If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our copyright agent the written information specified below:

An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.

A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon.

A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Services.

Your address, telephone number, and email address.

A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Pursuant to the DMCA, written notification of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the following designated agent:

Julia Archer

939 Burke Street

Winston-Salem, NC 27101

Our Intellectual Property Rights
Our names, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names and all Content are our trademarks or trade dress in the United States and/or other countries (collectively, the “Proprietary Marks”). You may not use the Proprietary Marks without our prior written permission. We make no proprietary claim to any third-party names, trademarks or service marks appearing on our Services. Any third-party names, trademarks, and service marks are property of their respective owners.
 
We also own a copyright of a collective work in the selection, coordination, arrangement, presentation, display and enhancement of the Content (the “Collective Work”). All software used on or within our Services (the “Software”) is our property or the property of our software vendors and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. Viewing, reading, printing, downloading or otherwise using the Content and/or the Collective Work does not entitle you to any ownership or intellectual property rights to the Content, the Collective Work, or the Software.
 
You are solely responsible for any damages resulting from your infringement of our or any third-party’s intellectual property rights regarding the Trademarks, the Content, the Collective Work, the Software and/or any other harm incurred by us or our affiliates as a, direct or indirect, result of your copying, distributing, redistributing, transmitting, publishing or using the same for purposes that are contrary to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Your Use of the Content
We grant you a limited license to access, print, download or otherwise make personal use of the Content and the Collective Work in the form of: (i) one machine-readable copy; (ii) one backup copy; and (iii) one print copy, for your non-commercial use; provided, however, that you shall not delete any proprietary notices or materials about the foregoing manifestations of the Content and the Collective Work. You may not modify the Content or the Collective Work or utilize them for any commercial purpose or any other public display, performance, sale, or rental, decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble the Content and the Collective Work, or transfer the Content or the Collective Work to another person or entity.
 
Except as otherwise permitted under the copyright laws of the United States, no other copying, distribution, redistribution, transmission, publication or use, other than the non-commercial use of the Content and the Collective Work as permitted by this Agreement, is permitted by you without our prior written permission.
 
You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing our name or Proprietary Marks without our prior written permission.
Electronic Communications
When you visit our Services or send email to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. Although we may choose to communicate with you by regular mail, we may also choose to communicate with you by email or by posting notices on our Services. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Your Responsibility for Equipment and Related Costs
You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all telephone, computer hardware, Internet access services and other equipment or services needed to access and use our Services, and all costs and fees associated with Internet access or long-distance charges incurred with regard to your access and use of our Services.
Third Party Links or Access
There may be provided on our Services links or access to other websites or mediums belonging to our advertisers, business partners, affiliates, Service Providers and other third parties. For example, we may obtain your credit report from TransUnion or other credit reporting agencies. Such links and access do not constitute our endorsement of those third parties, nor the products or services of those third parties. We are not responsible for the activities or policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating any third-party products or services and we do not warrant their offerings. We do not guarantee that the terms or rates offered by any particular advertiser, business partner, affiliate, Service Provider or other third party on or through our Services are the best terms or lowest rates available in the market.
 
Mobile Devices
If we provide aspects of our Services via an application for your mobile or other device, please be aware that your carrier’s normal rates and fees may apply and that the terms of this Agreement and other agreements within the application apply to your use of such application.
We Make No Representations or Warranties Regarding the Content
THE CONTENT AND ALL SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF OUR SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR ASSOCIATED WITH OUR SERVICES. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES AND ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR ASSOCIATED WITH OUR SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
 
WE DO NOT MAKE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM, ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT OR THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR SERVICES, OR THE SAFETY, RELIABILITY, TITLE, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY, CONFORMITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE CONTENT OR THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR SERVICES. IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO INDEPENDENTLY EVALUATE THE ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT AND THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR SERVICES. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THE CONTENT THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOADING FROM OUR SERVICES IS FREE OF INFECTION FROM ANY VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, TRAP DOORS, BACK DOORS, EASTER EGGS, TIME BOMBS, CANCELBOTS OR OTHER CODE OR COMPUTER PROGRAMMING ROUTINES THAT CONTAIN CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OR THAT ARE INTENDED TO DAMAGE, DETRIMENTALLY INTERFERE WITH, SURREPTITIOUSLY INTERCEPT OR EXPROPRIATE ANY SYSTEM, DATA OR PERSONAL INFORMATION. WE DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING ANY QUOTES OR OFFERS PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES.
 
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION, INSURANCE PROVIDER, CREDIT CARD PROVIDER OR OTHER SERVICE PROVIDER. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE SOLELY AN INTERMEDIARY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH SERVICE PROVIDERS AND, THEREFORE, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY CONTENT, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY SUCH SERVICE PROVIDERS.
 
The Content is intended only to assist you with financial decisions and is broad in scope and does not consider your personal financial situation. Your personal financial situation is unique and the information and advice may not be appropriate for your situation. Accordingly, before making any final decisions or implementing any financial strategy, we recommend that you obtain additional information and advice of your accountant and other financial advisors who are fully aware of your individual circumstances.
 
Our Services are controlled and offered by us from our facilities in the United States of America. We make no representations that our Services are appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions. If you access or use our Services from other jurisdictions, then you do so by your own volition and are solely responsible for compliance with local law.
Limitations on Our Liability
NEITHER WE NOR OUR AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR SHAREHOLDERS SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE TO, OR LIABLE TO, YOU, OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE OR BUSINESS, AS A DIRECT OR INDIRECT RESULT OF: (I) YOUR BREACH OR VIOLATION OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT; (II) YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF OUR SERVICES; (III) YOUR DELAY IN ACCESSING OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES FOR ANY REASON; (IV) YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY OF THE CONTENT OR THE COLLECTIVE WORK FOR YOUR USE; (V) YOUR RELIANCE UPON OR USE OF THE CONTENT OR THE COLLECTIVE WORK, OR (VI) ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH OUR SERVICES, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OUR SERVICES, WHETHER RESULTING IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FROM BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE AND/OR OUR SUPPLIERS HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND AGENTS ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED $100.
 
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER GENERATED CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM SUCH USER GENERATED CONTENT AND THIRD-PARTY CONDUCT RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
 
YOU AND US AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO OUR SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
 
Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply to you.
 
In the event that any limitation on the period of time for bringing an action, claim, dispute or proceeding against us, located in this “Limitations on Our Liability” section, is determined or held to be inapplicable or unenforceable by any court, arbitration panel or other tribunal, then the statute of limitations for the State of South Carolina shall apply to any such action, claim, dispute or proceeding referred to final or binding arbitration.
Your Indemnification of Us
You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless us and our officers, directors, shareholders, employees, independent contractors, agents, representatives and affiliates from and against all claims and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees, arising out of, or attributable to: (i) any breach or violation of this Agreement by you; (ii) your failure to provide accurate, complete and current personally identifiable information requested or required by us; (iii) your access or use of our Services; (iv) access or use of our Services under any password that may be issued to you; (v) your transmissions, submissions or postings (i.e., your own User Generated Content); and/or (vi) any personal injury or property damage caused by you.
Amendments of this Agreement
We reserve the right to update, amend and/or change this Agreement at any time in our sole discretion and without notice. Updates to this Agreement will be posted here. If we make a material change to this Agreement, we will provide advance notice to you, such as by posting a notice on our website, application. Amendments will take effect immediately upon us posting the updated Agreement on our Services. You are encouraged to revisit this Agreement from time to time to review any changes that have been made. The date on which this Agreement was last updated will be noted immediately above this Agreement. Your continued access and use of our Services following the posting of any such changes shall automatically be deemed your acceptance of all changes.
Our Remedies
You acknowledge that we may be irreparably damaged if this Agreement is not specifically enforced, and damages at law would be an inadequate remedy. Therefore, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any provision of this Agreement by you, we shall be entitled, in addition to all rights and remedies, to an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach, without being required to show any actual damage or to post an injunction bond, and/or to a decree for specific performance of the provisions of this Agreement. For purposes of this Section, you agree that any action or proceeding regarding such injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach shall be brought in the courts of record of Lancaster County, South Carolina, or the United States District Court, District of South Carolina. You consent to the jurisdiction of such court and waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in such court. You agree that service of any court paper may be effected on such party by mail or in such other manner as may be provided under applicable laws, rules of procedure or local rules.
Dispute Resolution (including Arbitration, Class Action Waiver and Time to Initiate Action)
Initial Dispute Resolution Period: In an effort to accelerate resolution and reduce the cost of any Dispute between us, you and we agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute informally for at least sixty (60) days before either party initiates any arbitration or court proceeding (the “Initial Dispute Resolution Period”). That period begins upon receipt of written notice from the party raising the Dispute. If we have a dispute with you, we will send the notice of that Dispute to your email address you have provided to us. If you have a dispute with us, you agree to send us a written notice to Legal Department, Bankrate, 1423 Red Ventures Drive, Fort Mill SC 29707, or by email delivered to legal@redventures.com. A notice of Dispute will not be valid, and will not start the Initial Dispute Resolution Period, and will not allow you or us to later initiate a lawsuit or arbitration, unless it contains all of the information required by this paragraph:  (a) subject line reading: “Notice of Dispute”; (b) description of the nature of the claim or dispute and the underlying facts; (c) date upon which the Dispute arose; (d) the specific relief sought; and (e) name, email address, and physical mailing address of the party seeking relief.  The Initial Dispute Resolution Period must include a conference between you and us to attempt to informally resolve any Dispute in good faith. You and we agree to appear at the conference telephonically or via videoconference; counsel may participate in the conference, but you and we will also participate in the conference. The conference shall be individualized such that a separate conference must be held each time either party initiates a Dispute, even if the same law firm or group of law firms represents multiple users in similar cases, unless all parties agree; multiple individuals initiating a Dispute cannot participate in the same conference unless all parties agree. Compliance with this informal dispute resolution process is mandatory and a condition precedent to initiating an arbitration or litigation.   The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution process required by this paragraph. If either party violates this Initial Dispute Resolution Period paragraph, a court of competent jurisdiction has the authority to enjoin the prosecution of the arbitration or court proceeding, and, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration provider shall neither accept nor administer any such arbitration nor assess fees in connection with such arbitration.
Scope: The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. Any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of these Terms shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C., Secs. 1-16). You and We agree that any dispute, claim or controversy between You and Us asserted after the effective date of these this Agreement, including but not limited to all disputes arising out of this Agreement or your use of the Service (each, a “Dispute”) shall be finally settled by binding arbitration except as expressly excluded below in the Section titled “Exceptions to Binding Arbitration.”
Binding Arbitration: If You and We do not reach an agreement to resolve the Dispute following the Initial Dispute Resolution Period (and including the conference of the parties provided in the preceding paragraph), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding. The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “JAMS Rules”) and in accordance with the Expedited Procedures in those Rules, which are available at www.jamsadr.com, unless it is a Mass Arbitration before NAM, as defined below. If, for any reason, JAMS is unable to provide the arbitration, then except as otherwise stated below, you or we may file a Dispute with any national arbitration company that handles consumer arbitrations following procedures that are substantially similar to the JAMS Expedited Procedures in the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules.
Process: In order to initiate arbitration following the conclusion of the Initial Dispute Resolution Period, a party must provide the other party with a written demand for arbitration and file the demand with the applicable arbitration provider.  A party initiating an arbitration against Us must send the written demand for arbitration to Legal Department, Bankrate, 1423 Red Ventures Drive, Fort Mill SC 29707. By signing the demand for arbitration, the party and its counsel certifies to the best of the party’s and counsel’s knowledge, information, and belief, formed after an inquiry reasonable under the circumstances, that (i) the demand for arbitration is not being presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of dispute resolution; (ii) the claims and other legal contentions are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law or for establishing new law; (iii) the factual contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery; and (iv) the party has complied with the Initial Dispute Resolution Period, including participation in an in-person conference, as described above. The Arbitrator shall be authorized to afford any relief or impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 or any applicable state law for either party’s violation of this requirement.
Location & Hearing:If you are a resident of the United States, then the arbitration hearing shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If you are not a resident of the United States, then the arbitration hearing will be held in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, United States, or another mutually agreed location. Where no disclosed claims or counterclaims exceed $25,000, the dispute shall be resolved by the submission of documents only, subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing, if the circumstances warrant. In cases where an in-person hearing is held, you and/or We may attend remotely, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise. The language of the arbitration will be English. 
Fees: Your and our right to recover attorneys’ fees, costs and arbitration fees shall be governed by the laws that apply to the parties’ Dispute, as well as any applicable arbitration rules. Either party may make a request that the arbitrator award attorneys’ fees and costs upon showing that the other party has asserted a claim, cross-claim, defense, or procedural tactic that is groundless in fact or law, brought in bad faith, for the purpose of harassment, or is otherwise frivolous, as allowed by applicable law and the JAMS Rules.
Mass Arbitration Before NAM: Notwithstanding the parties’ decision to have arbitrations administered by JAMS (and subject to the exceptions otherwise set forth in the “Exceptions to Binding Arbitration” Section), if 25 or more demands for arbitration are filed relating to the same or similar subject matter and sharing common issues of law or fact, and counsel for the parties submitting the demands are the same or coordinated, you and we agree that this will constitute a “Mass Arbitration.” If a Mass Arbitration is commenced, you and we agree that it shall not be governed by JAMS Rules or administered by JAMS. Instead, a Mass Arbitration shall be administered by NAM, a nationally recognized arbitration provider, and governed by the NAM Rules in effect when the Mass Arbitration is filed, excluding any rules that permit arbitration on a class-wide basis (the “NAM Rules”), and under the rules set forth in these Terms. The NAM Rules are available at https://namadr.com/resources/rules-fees-forms/or by calling 1-800-358-2550. You and we agree that the Mass Arbitration shall be resolved using NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures, available at https://www.namadr.com/. Before any Mass Arbitration is filed with NAM, you and we agree to contact NAM jointly to advise that the parties intend to use NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures. The individual demands comprising the Mass Arbitration shall be submitted on NAM’s claim form(s) and as directed by NAM. You and we agree that if either party fails or refuses to commence the Mass Arbitration before NAM, you or we may seek an order from NAM compelling compliance and directing administration of the Mass Arbitration before NAM. Pending resolution of any such requests, you and we agree that all arbitrations comprising the Mass Arbitration (and any obligation to pay arbitration fees) shall be stayed.  If for any reason the provisions in this Mass Arbitration Before NAM paragraph are found to be unenforceable, or if for any reason NAM declines to administer the Mass Arbitration, then the Disputes comprising the Mass Arbitration shall be administered by AAA consistent with the provisions of the Dispute Resolution Section of these Terms.
Appointment of Procedural Arbitrator in Mass Arbitration. You and we agree to cooperate in good faith to implement the Mass Arbitration process to minimize the time, filing fees, and costs of the Mass Arbitration. Those steps include, but are not limited to (1) the appointment of a Procedural Arbitrator to efficiently and cost-effectively manage the Mass Arbitration and to rule on proposals by the parties for the efficient and cost-effective management of the Mass Arbitration to the extent the parties cannot agree; (2) the adoption of an expedited calendar for the arbitration proceedings; and (3) consolidation of Mass Arbitration matters before one or several arbitrators for streamlined proceedings.   
Exceptions to Binding Arbitration. Notwithstanding the parties' decision to resolve all disputes through arbitration, either party may invoke the following exceptions to arbitration:
Provisional remedies: Either party may seek provisional remedies in aid of arbitration and to enforce the Initial Dispute Resolution Period from a court of appropriate jurisdiction, subject to the forum selection provisions below.
Intellectual Property and Trade Secret Disputes: Either party may bring an action in state or federal court that only asserts claims for patent infringement or invalidity, copyright infringement, piracy, moral rights violations, trademark infringement, and/or trade secret misappropriation, subject to the forum selection provisions below.
Small Claims Court: Either party may seek relief in a small claims court for any individual disputes or claims within the scope of that court's jurisdiction. If an arbitration is filed, before the arbitrator is formally appointed either party can send written notice to the opposing party and the applicable arbitration provider that it wants the case decided by a small claims court, after which the arbitration provider may close the case, in which instance no filing fees shall be due or payable by either party. Any disagreement about whether a Dispute is subject to small claims court shall be decided by small claims court or a court of competent jurisdiction, not the arbitrator.
Class and Collective Action Waiver. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH PARTY MAY BRING DISPUTES AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION OR COLLECTIVE ACTION OR CLASS ARBITRATION.
Although the parties have agreed that no disputes may proceed as part of a class arbitration, you and we agree that the arbitrator may consolidate an individual arbitration filed under these Terms with other individual arbitration(s), at the request of any party, if the arbitrations share any common issues of law or fact. 
Statute of Limitations: To the fullest extent allowed by low, you and we agree that if any Dispute has a statute of limitations in excess of one year, such Dispute must be filed within one year after the Dispute accrued or it will be forever barred.
Foum: For any Dispute not subject to binding arbitration, to the fullest extent allowed by low, you and we agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court located in Mecklenburg county, North Carolina (except for small claims court actions which may be brought in the county where you reside), and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
Severability: If any provision in this Dispute Resolution Section of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, that provision shall be severed with the remainder of this Section of these Terms remaining in full force and effect. The foregoing shall not apply to the prohibition against class or collective actions as provided for above. This means that if the prohibition against class or collective actions is found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or request for relief and any appeals have been exhausted (or if the decision is otherwise final), then such claim or request for relief shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction, but it shall be stayed pending arbitration of all other claims and requests for relief.
30 Day Right to Opt-Out: You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration and class action waiver provisions set forth in this Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out by emailing us at legal@redventures.com or by sending written notice of your opt-out by U.S. mail delivered to: Attn: Legal Department, Bankrate, 1423 Red Ventures Drive, Fort Mill SC 29707. The notice must be sent within thirty (30) days of your first use of the Service, or the effective date of the first version of this Agreement containing a Dispute Resolution (including Arbitration, Class Action Waiver and Time to Initiate Action) section otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of those sections. If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, we also will not be bound by them.
Governing Law. You agree that the laws of the State of North Carolina, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this Agreement and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and us, except as otherwise stated in this Agreement. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, if applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, you or we may seek injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction.
New Jersey Residents
If you are a consumer residing in New Jersey, the following provisions of this Agreement do not apply to you (and do not limit any rights that you may have) to the extent that they are unenforceable under New Jersey law: (a) Disclaimer of Warranty; (b) Limitation of Liability; and (c) Indemnity. According to N.J.S.A. 56:12-16, you may have additional rights if you are a New Jersey resident and other provisions of this Agreement are found to violate an established legal right.

California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. 

Miscellaneous
If any portion of this Agreement is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable by any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, this Agreement as a whole shall not be deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, but only that portion of this Agreement that is unlawful, void or unenforceable shall be stricken from this Agreement.
 
The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Agreement, and shall not limit or otherwise affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
 
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made in this Agreement, as may be amended by us, from time to time, shall survive your acceptance of this Agreement and the termination of this Agreement.
 
This Agreement and the Privacy Policy represent the entire understanding and agreement between you and us regarding the subject matter of the same, and supersede all other previous agreements, understandings and/or representations regarding the same.
 
Communications relating to the Services or otherwise referenced within this Agreement may be directed to legal@redventures.com.  By providing us with your email address, postal address, or phone number, you are agreeing that We or our agent may contact you at that email address, postal address, or number (including by text message) in connection with the Services or our agreements with you and in accordance with our Privacy Policy

How we make money
Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Our websites may earn compensation when a customer clicks on a link, when an application is approved, or when an account is opened. Therefore, this compensation may impact what products appear and how, where, and in what order they appear within listing categories, except where prohibited by law for our mortgage, home equity and other home lending products. Other factors, such as our proprietary website rules and whether a product is offered in your area or at your self-selected credit score range, can also impact how and where products appear on this site. While we strive to provide a wide range of offers, Bankrate does not include information about every financial or credit product or service.

Bankrate, LLC NMLS ID# 1427381 | NMLS Consumer Access
BR Tech Services, Inc. NMLS ID #1743443 | NMLS Consumer Access

© 2026 Bankrate, LLC. A Red Ventures company. All Rights Reserved.

Explain
We use cookies and similar technologies to understand how you use our services, improve your experience and serve you personalized content and advertising. To manage your cookies and learn more about our use of cookies click “Cookie Settings”.Learn more.
Cookie Settings Reject All Accept All
